digital marketing strategies that just
work there are a lot of digital
marketing strategies out there how do
you know which ones to use which ones to
start out with especially if you're
starting off today i'm gonna break down
five strategies that just work when
you're starting off strategy number one
the money is in the list you have to
collect emails if you're doing marketing
when someone visits your website there's
a slim chance that they're gonna buy
from you because they don't know you
they don't know your products or service
or how good they are your brand is
unfamiliar it's not like you're amazon
or microsoft or nike or tesla it's like
asking a random stranger to marry you
chances are they're going to be like no
but if you ask a random stranger on a
date you'll have a much higher chance of
success think of asking someone to give
you their email address as if you're
asking someone on a date once you get
them to commit it's much easier to
progress them using tools like hello bar
you can collect emails on your website
you can collect emails by offering
people a newsletter coupons ebooks or
anything else you dream up
once you have someone on your list you
can pitch them over time on your
products and services and in between
your pitches give advice help them out
create educating content a portion of
those people will convert into customers
strategy number two landing pages
have you ever taken a kid to a candy
store if you haven't it's really hard
for a kid to decide because there's too
many options but the moment you take
them to a random grocery store and
they're checking out and there's only a
few options that they see it's really
easy for them to decide what they want
the same goes with your marketing if
someone visits your website and they see
hundreds of options it makes it harder
for them to decide what to buy or sign
up for now it doesn't mean that you
shouldn't have or can't even have
hundreds or thousands of products more
so you just need a dedicated page to
each product this is called a landing
page that way when someone lands on that
page it pitches them to sign up for that
service or buy that product not 10 other
things this is important because it
improves your conversion rate you can
use tools like unbounce to create
landing pages strategy number three
upsells
when you go to mcdonald's and you order
fries a lot of times they'll ask you if
you want a larger size and it doesn't
cost more so they're like hey this is a
good deal do you want this for 10 cents
more
or if you order a burger
they may ask you hey do you want a meal
instead with drink and a fries
this is one of the key strategies to
mcdonald's success why because it is
easier to generate more money from your
existing customers than it is to
generate new sales
amazon uses this same strategy they want
you to keep buying more and more this is
how they make more money off of you an
easy way to make your digital marketing
more profitable is to add in upsells and
downsells like mcdonald's using tools
like sam carr or click funnels you can
easily do this and make sure you add in
these upsells and downsells because it
can't hurt your revenue it can only help
strategy for
podcasting now with podcasting according
to earth web there are roughly two
million podcasts that's roughly one
podcast for every 3750 people in other
words it isn't that competitive i know
what you're thinking do people really
listen to podcasts well my podcast
marketing school gets roughly 1 million
listens a month
if you haven't checked it out yet make
sure you do so now and if that doesn't
convince you 51 of americans are
listening to podcasts according to
podcast insights and 37 percent of
americans listen to podcasts
on a monthly basis if you're going after
an elder demographic great according to
neil schaefer 25 of consumers who are
older than 55 years old listen to
podcasts on a monthly basis and
according to convince and convert the
average podcast listener spends 6 hours
and 39 minutes a week listing a podcast
each week
so if you create a podcast and you can
do so just by recording your voice on a
phone and you just push it out it'll
naturally gain traction because you're
not really competing with anyone
you can use also services like libsyn to
push and publish your podcast my podcast
marketing school gets a lot of downloads
a month and it's great branding and
revenue drive
strategy five paid ads whether you love
or hate google or facebook they're still
popular and they make billions of
dollars from ad revenue why because
their ads work and they drive money
by now you should have created a landing
page and you should have added upsells
and down sales so why not throw some
paid traffic at that landing page you
don't have to spend a lot 50 to 100 per
channel it'll get you some traction just
try out all the main platforms from
google facebook pinterest twitter
linkedin even snapchat i know the list
goes on and on but try them out then
take the channels that are performing
somewhat well and double down on those
you should be able to generate profit
from your paid ads like most companies
and if you need help with any of this
check out my ad agency np digital where
we just do all this for companies if you
enjoy the video like it share tell
people about it if you have any
questions leave a comment i'm here to
help you out